Arthi sri---communication is good, technically sounds good, completed graduation waiting for the result.
Ayisha r---Communication is good, chennai,completed graduation, she is working hard to complete the course with success
waiting for result, technically sound good, but need to work, looks like more shy in while answering...
Divya Bharati---> 
Deepika R-->Communication is average need to improve,technically need to improve, confidence is less. 
Imon s-->
Monika p--->Communication is good, hackerrank programs need to start, laptop problem. none of programs are started 
completed graduation waiting for result. developing communication skills by watching youtube videos.
worked in nontech during corona not now.
Nithya shree---> graduation completed, waiting for the result. Hackerrank started, taking time, technically need to improve, comminication need to improve.  
Shalini Dey--->communication is good, graduation completed, result is received.
got selected in wipro but rejected due to some creteria miss match.
Technically need to improve.
Shreesha p --> Confidence need improve, 
graduation completed and waiting for the result. 
completed internship in java. got placed in capgemini but need the java full stack certificate to join so attending this course
Communication need to work.
Sneha s ---> Confidence is good, communication is good. technicaly sounds good,
graduation completed waiting for the result.attending lot of interview to get the experience on that...
Pavitra Ganesh---> graduation completed received result, communication is average need to work around it, 
sowmiya k ---> communication is average need to improve, hard worker, trying in multiple platforms to solve the challenges. 
completed graduation and waiting for the result. Technically need to improve...

Elangovan--> communication need to improve, technically he is good, knows html, css, by self study. applied for the jobs.
Completed graduation in 2021.confidence is low, need to improve...
Ramlana---> Completed graduation and waiting for the result. confidence need to improve.communication need to improve the communication.
technically need to improve...

Ajay 

Ashira--- graduation is completed waiting for the result, communication need to improve, technically need to improve. applied for the interviews.
Confidence need to improve.

Divya Bharati--->completed graduation, waiting for the result.very good in sql server. good in time management, sounds good in technical but need to improve.
confidence is good.
going to do Post graduation so not ready for the job and wants to do data analytics in future.

Divya B--->confidence is good, communication is good, trying to learn different languages.
	technically need to improve....graduation completed and waiting for the result. 

Pragati Nikam:communication is good, completed graduation. confidence is good. having positive attitude.
preparing for the company einfochips.concentrating on python due to interview..


 Shenaaz mulla: completed graduation and waiting for the result. communication is good. selected in the RR Donnely company as html,css as front end developer so attending this course.
having positive attitude. technically need to improve...


AJAY R	
Akash A	
Ayinala Swathi	
Bagyalakshmi A
Divya Dharshini	
GOPINATH L	

Hemashri U	
Nandhini V	
Pavithra RB	
Poojitha Ch	
Poornima S	
PRAVEEN KUMAR S	
Ramya P	
S Kavitha	
Sanjay Kumar S	
Saranya P	
Shalini J	
Sonalli J	
Syed Thahira	
THAHSEEN S	
Ummu Imon S
Venesha Mohanraj	
VETRI SELVAN G	

	



